Server Reset/Trailers docs (#20059)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/httpsys.md

For apps hosted by HTTP.sys that interact with requests from the Internet or a corporate network, additional configuration might be required when hosting behind proxy servers and load balancers. For more information, see [Configure ASP.NET Core to work with proxy servers and load balancers](xref:host-and-deploy/proxy-load-balancer).

## Advanced HTTP/2 features to support gRPC

Additional HTTP/2 features in HTTP.sys support gRPC, including support for response trailers and sending reset frames.

Requirements to run gRPC with HTTP.SYS:

> * Windows 10 Version 2004, OS Build 20300.1000 or later

Reviewer: This has worked with HttpSys a lot longer than it's worked in IIS. I think it's 20H1 (2004), who's public build number is 19041.508.

Author: Oops, was going to tag you in this for the build number.

* TLS 1.2 or later connection

### Trailers

HTTP Trailers are similar to HTTP Headers, except they are sent after the response body is sent. For HTTP.sys, only HTTP/2 response trailers are supported.

```csharp
if (httpContext.Response.SupportsTrailers())
{
    // Write body
    httpContext.Response.WriteAsync("Hello world");

    httpContext.Response.AppendTrailer("trailername", "TrailerValue");
}
```

In the preceding example code:

* `SupportsTrailers` ensures that trailers are supported for the response.

> * `AppendTrailer` appends the trailer.

Reviewer: There's also DeclareTrailer to be called before starting the response body.

Reviewer 2: Not for HTTP/2 trailers.

Reviewer: ? I thought it was still recommended to declare what trailers should be expected.

Reviewer 2: Not that I've seen. No gRPC implementation does that with trailers.

Is that in a spec?

Author: Why is it recommend to declare trailers for HTTP/2?

Reviewer: Yes the HTTP/1.1 spec discusses Trailer with chunked because that was the only format that supported trailers at the time. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-4.4 

>    When a message includes a message body encoded with the chunked
   transfer coding and the sender desires to send metadata in the form
   of trailer fields at the end of the message, the sender SHOULD
   generate a Trailer header field before the message body to indicate
   which fields will be present in the trailers.  This allows the
   recipient to prepare for receipt of that metadata before it starts
   processing the body, which is useful if the message is being streamed
   and the recipient wishes to confirm an integrity check on the fly.

Http/2 changed the wire format but it didn't change the semantics of most headers. I don't see anything in the HTTP/2 spec that negates the recommendation to set a Trailer header, and it's still used in the HTTP/2 samples.

```
     HTTP/1.1 200 OK                  HEADERS
     Content-Type: image/jpeg   ==>     - END_STREAM
     Transfer-Encoding: chunked         + END_HEADERS
     Trailer: Foo                         :status = 200
                                          content-length = 123
     123                                  content-type = image/jpeg
     {binary data}                        trailer = Foo
     0
     Foo: bar                         DATA
                                        - END_STREAM
                                      {binary data}

                                      HEADERS
                                        + END_STREAM
                                        + END_HEADERS
                                          foo = bar
```

Author: Okay, bringing back declare trailers.

Reviewer 2: Ok.

Do you still want to mention `trailer` even though HTTP/2 clients don't use it? We should at least say that it is optional, and generally not required by HTTP/2 clients.

Reviewer: It was never required by HTTP/1.1 clients either, it was only a polite warning of things to come. I don't see how it's any different in HTTP/2.

For apps hosted by HTTP.sys that interact with requests from the Internet or a corporate network, additional configuration might be required when hosting behind proxy servers and load balancers. For more information, see [Configure ASP.NET Core to work with proxy servers and load balancers](xref:host-and-deploy/proxy-load-balancer).

## Advanced HTTP/2 features to support gRPC

Additional HTTP/2 features in HTTP.sys support gRPC, including support for response trailers and sending reset frames.

Requirements to run gRPC with HTTP.SYS:

* Windows 10 Version 2004, OS Build 20300.1000 or later
* TLS 1.2 or later connection

### Trailers

HTTP Trailers are similar to HTTP Headers, except they are sent after the response body is sent. For HTTP.sys, only HTTP/2 response trailers are supported.

```csharp
if (httpContext.Response.SupportsTrailers())
{

>     httpContext.Response.DeclareTrailer("trailername");

Reviewer 2: This isn't necessary with HTTP/2.

    // Write body
    httpContext.Response.WriteAsync("Hello world");

    httpContext.Response.AppendTrailer("trailername", "TrailerValue");
}
```

In the preceding example code:

* `SupportsTrailers` ensures that trailers are supported for the response.

> * `DeclareTrailer` adds the given trailer name to the `Trailer` response header. This must occur before the response headers are sent.

Reviewer 2: Should be removed. This is for trailers with chunked encoding, not HTTP/2.

* `AppendTrailer` appends the trailer.

### Reset

> Reset allows for a consumer to reset a HTTP/2 request and abort it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reset allows for the server to reset a HTTP/2 request with a specified error code. A reset request is considered aborted.
```

```csharp
var resetFeature = httpContext.Features.Get<IHttpResetFeature>();

> resetFeature.Reset(errorCode: 1111);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resetFeature.Reset(errorCode: 2);
```

```

> `Reset` in the preceding code example specifies the custom error code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Reset` in the preceding code example specifies the `INTERNAL_ERROR` error code. For more information about HTTP/2 error codes, visit the [HTTP/2 specification error code section](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7540#page-50).
```
